{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $F800-$FFFF
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Monitor. Handles screen I/O and keyboard input. Also has a disassembler, memory dump, memory move, memory compare, step and trace functions, lo-res graphics routines, multiply and divide routines, and more. This monitor has the cleanest code of all the Apple II monitors. Every one after this had to patch the monitor to add functions while still remaining (mostly) compatible. Complete source code is in the manual.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $F689-F7FC
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Sweet-16 interpreter. Sweet-16 code has been benchmarked to be about half the size of pure 6502 code but 5-8 times slower. The renumber routine in the Programmer's Aid #1 is written in Sweet-16, where small size was much more important than speed. Complete source code is in the manual.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $F500-F63C and $F666-F668
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Mini-assembler. This lets you type in assembly code, one line at a time, and it will assemble the proper bytes. No labels or equates are supported--it is a MINI assembler. Complete source code is in the manual.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $F425-F4FB and $F63D-F65D
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Floating point routines. Woz's first plans for his 6502 BASIC included floating point, but he abandoned them when he realized he could finish faster by going integer only. He put these routines in the ROMs but they are not called from anywhere. Complete source code is in the manual.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $E000-F424
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Integer BASIC by Woz (Steve Wozniak, creator of the Apple II). "That BASIC, which we shipped with the first Apple II's, was never assembled--ever. There was one handwritten copy, all handwritten, all hand assembled." Woz, October 1984.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $D800-DFFF
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Empty ROM socket. There was at least one third party ROM add-on.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 $D000-D7FF
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Programmer's Aid #1--missing from the original Apple II, this is a ROM add-on Apple sold that contains Integer BASIC utilities such as high-resolution graphics support, renumber, append, tape verify, music, and a RAM test. Complete source code is in the manual.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Reference: http://www.easy68k.com/paulrsm/6502/MEMMAP.HTM}